I was praying and the Lord showed me,
saying,
"I need you to pray for Italy."I
asked,
"What is going on with Italy,
Lord?"and
he showed me. I
had that open vision again, and he
showed me there is a massive
volcano that is about to happen. I saw
a coastline on the water,
and there is a massive volcano there.
He told me this is going to
happen, and there will be signs
right before there is a massive explosion.
I saw this thing explode; it
was
huge. He kept having me pray
over
the water; there is something about
the water around Italy. I
believe it
was
right here where this volcano was, because
Pompeii is right here. There is
a massive volcano up here, and so
when
I was looking
in the spirit and it was showing me, I
thought it was in this spot, but I
believe it is probably further out. I
started looking at where the massive
volcanoes are in the water over in Italy.
If you zoom out, I will show you there
is
a massive volcano, one of the
largest, way down here.
Whenever I saw this massive
volcano going off out of the water, it
caused a massive tsunami wave. It
exploded, and from the earthquake and this
massive volcano, it was like
a
humongous nuclear bomb went off
and it went up out of the water,
causing
a massive wave. The water
rushed all over this area. It
would cause a lot of devastation.
One of these volcanoes out here,
whatever it is the Lord is showing me,
it came up out of the water and
caused all the air traffic around
that area to be completely shut down. The
Lord showed me that it would cost
hundreds of thousands of deaths. When
this happens, there will be signs, maybe
even on the news in Italy, about some
rumblings around that
area—some
earthquakes or
tremors—to
pre-warn that something big
is going to happen. Do not ignore this;
it is very serious. What
I saw is very serious.
If you start having
a lot of tremors and you start seeing
smoke or something going on, take
heed. Be forewarned;
I am
trying to tell you.
I was just praying in the spirit,
worshiping, and all of a sudden, I was
shot up. I was looking
over Italy, and Italy was
so
small. I was so high,
looking
down, and all of a sudden, I could see
a
black blanket over the water. It looked like a
very thick cloud,
as
black as molasses,
very dark. They were
all
over the water,
and I could see the
black clouds going through all the
houses. It looked like a smog
going through, all around the
houses. I could see the rooftops
because I was up high, and
I could see the lights on in the
houses.
Above, the Lord pointed my attention
to a massive circle, a
humongous portal that was over the
country of Italy. It
was
over where I told
you the volcano
is
by
Pompeii.
Angels were coming out.
There was this massive portal, and
the angels were
coming out of it. The portal
was like it was breathing; it was
alive, swirling,
with
clouds all in it.
It
looked like it was opening up,
and all of a
sudden, thousands of angels started coming out
of this massive
portal. They
were all
descending,
lined up
like soldiers
coming out of this massive portal over
Italy. It looked like they were
coming downstairs, but I could not see
stairs. Through the portal,
clouds were coming out as it was breathing
and turning. The clouds were
humongous and beautiful: pink,
fluffy, blue,
and
purple.
I believe it was heaven.
These angels were all
coming down
and descending onto the earth.
When they got to a
certain place in the atmosphere,
they started
to spread out like ants all
over the place. They started
scattering and coming down even
faster onto those homes.
Each angel
was
on a mission,
moving at the speed of light.
They all had beautiful
robes and gowns on.
It was the most amazing
thing. The whole time, I
was
sitting here in this chair praying in
the spirit,
soaking it all in. I
am
trying
to explain everything the Lord
showed me in detail.
I
am
going to take a side note
here because I was asking the Lord what
all that black smog
is.
He was showing me that
there
is
a lot of trafficking in Italy
that people may
not
know about;
he was showing me there was a lot of
corruption and trafficking.
Those angels were coming
down to these homes
and making
a
motion with their
hands,
telling the people to
leave, warning
the people.
Every angel
was
waving for the people to come.
They did this for
several minutes. You
could
sense an urgency on their faces, a warning telling the people to leave. They did not say anything, but I could
see from their
body language that they were in
a hurry. Suddenly, all
of the
angels stopped.
I knew people were
praying; I could feel the intercessory
prayers from the saints
interceding for
Italy in the spirit, praying in
tongues.
You could
feel the blanket of prayer coming out of
that portal.
Above
where all
the black clouds were,
you could feel the
intercessory prayer going on.
All of a sudden, all the angels froze
and
turned
their bodies to look back up
to the massive swirling light
of
the portal. They all looked at the portal,
and
then
they
started
shooting back up into
it.
After
that,
the Lord took me
to
another part of the vision. He
said, "I want you to focus on the canary."Brandon, what is
the meaning of a
canary in
a
coal
mine?
Study this out. I saw a yellow canary
in a cage in a cave. I could
see gas, which is
normally
invisible,
like a smog coming
up out of the ground. The canary
was swinging on a little swing
in a birdcage
in the spirit realm,
chirping and
making noise. Suddenly, I
looked at the gas coming up,
and when I looked back,
the canary was in the bottom
of the cage, lifeless. This
gas coming up out of
the ground
in
Italy—I
do
not
know if it was from
the
volcano—but
I saw
hundreds of thousands of people go home.
I saw a massive wave coming. The
Lord said, "Pay attention to the water."I saw earthquakes in the water,
but
the
people were not paying attention. In
past visions,
the Lord kept
pointing
me
to
the water in
the
gulf
area
by Pompeii.
This
is
just
what the Lord
has
been
showing
me for the past week.
For three times now, the Lord has
spoken to me about the electric grid
in America, telling me to pray over the
electric grid. This is very serious. I saw
something
like a cyberattack or a false
flag attack.
Power went out in New York and
major cities. It was completely dark
everywhere.
He said, "You
are
not taking this seriously
enough."He
warned me that I need to pray about
this more intently
because of what is being planned.
When the electric grid went
down, for some people, it had the
opportunity to be down for over
three weeks. I saw a calendar and
could see
the days go by with people being without
power. The Lord was warning me
about these major cities and about this
plot against America and the
power grid.
I
am
interceding for
this on top
of the Italy thing.
I
tried
to tell you all
a year ago about
investing in a generator that
has
three fuel types—propane, gas, and
natural
gas—and
finding ways to power your home
through solar.
I
do
not
want to preach fear,
but I get these
warnings
from the Spirit of God and
they are
very intense.
For
instance, I was once praying over an ice
storm and he was telling me
about Texas being without power. I kept
seeing
no heat and a poisoning of
the water.
About three years
ago,
a
major arctic front came down
from
the Arctic and through Canada,
making
everything really cold in
Texas. They could not handle the
electric load,
so the
electric grid shut down because the
windmills froze. The pipes
in the houses burst,
and
they put
out a warning not to drink the
water because it had
E.
coli.
This lasted for quite a while.
Before that happened, the Lord warned me
to tell friends who lived in Texas
to get at least
twelve
cases of water.
I
went out and bought water too
because of what I was seeing in the spirit.
When you are seeing over in the spirit,
it
does not always affect
everybody.
There
is
a lot of ground
here to cover from the Atlantic to
the Pacific. I do not
want to
alarm everybody and say the
power is
going out for all of
America, because I do not
believe that. I want you to be
praying about this for your own
household. It could
be New York; I
saw a major city
with
a lot
of big buildings. I want to warn you
to pray about the power grid with me.
The power grid is not going
to go down for the whole country
for three weeks. It
could affect
certain areas, just like
my story
about Dallas.
I thought because I
live in Oklahoma that this
was going to be about Oklahoma,
but I am seeing and
hearing
in part.
This
was
a word for Texas, and it affected hundreds
of thousands
of people.
They
were without power for
two weeks or more.
It
was bad;
no heat, and
pipes were bursting everywhere.
Those were
the
three things:
canary, Italy, and
the electric grid. I
hope this video blessed you.
Let's
intercede right now.
Father, I thank you.
We lift up
Italy, this volcano, and the
earthquakes.
You said
perilous times would come
and
there would be earthquakes in
diverse places.
I thank you that we
are all awake and listening to
what the Spirit of the Lord is saying.
If we are in harm's way, show us what we are
supposed to do for our
families.
We will not be led by emotion; we
will
be led by the Holy
Ghost. I pray for every single person
watching this video, that
they would learn
to meditate on your Word and
yield themselves to the Spirit of God.
We call for clarity in
their ears,
supernatural giftings to see into the
spirit realm, and to
hear warnings of danger.
I thank you
for
clarity in the spirit.
I am not going
to be in fear about what the devil
is
doing, but I have authority over the
devil and I am going to have wisdom.
I pray for protection
over the people of Italy
and
the believers.
I
thank you that those angels are coming
out of that portal.
Concerning
the electric grid,
from
Miami to LA, Phoenix, Denver,
or
Seattle,
we take authority over cyberattacks
and
false
flag events.
In the name
of Jesus, we plead the blood of Jesus
over our power grid. We say we will have
power; it will not disrupt life
or cause people to lose their
lives.
I
thank you, Lord, that our people would be
wise.
I thank you for giving
wisdom to
Homeland Security, the
Army, and the Corps of Engineers
to block attacks
from foreign adversaries.
Expose all wicked plots and plans
in
Jesus'name.
Now, Father, I
pray over their finances.
I pray
for a
hundredfold return over what they sow. I
speak to their finances
for great blessing
and
prosperity.
Every need is met
and every debt is canceled.
I pray over their health
and wholeness.
We take
authority over sickness,
cancer,
diabetes,
dementia, and Alzheimer's.
We command addictions to go now in
Jesus'name.
We
call
for
strongholds
to be broken. We pray for an abundance
of rain and break drought.
We call
for
low-pressure
systems
to come
in
and
moisture to
rise.
We claim
the former rain and the latter rain, even
the spiritual rain of the Holy Ghost
rain
over this
nation. We call
for
a tidal wave of
your presence upon this
nation. We pray for the leaders
of
this country,
from Joe Biden down
to
the smallest person in
power, that they
would have wisdom and the
fear of the
Lord
to make godly
decisions.
We rest in you today.
Where
the
Spirit
of
the
Lord is,
there is
freedom. We will not
fear. We
plead the blood of Jesus over
us right now.
Amen.
I thank you all for joining me.
I
am
learning
every day.
The presence of the Lord really
settled in on me while I was
praying.
Put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves you.
Have a
blessed day."